Adding 2022 CF workshop (#219)
cf-convention/cf-convention.github.io: Meetings/2022-Workshop.md

---
layout: default
title: 2022 CF Workshop
---

# 2022 CF Workshop

The Climate and Forecast metadata conventions (CF) are a community-developed standard  designed to promote the processing and sharing of climate and forecast model and observational output data, and derived data products. The conventions define metadata that provide a definitive description of what the data in each variable represents, and the spatial and temporal properties of the data. This enables users of data from different sources to decide which quantities are comparable, and facilitates building applications with powerful extraction, regridding, and display capabilities. The CF convention includes a standard name table, which defines strings that identify physical quantities.

2022 CF Workshop will take place on 13-15 September 2022 hosted by [IFCA] at Santander (Spain). After 2 successful virtual editions ([2020] and [2021]), the 2022 edition is organized as a hybrid event having in-person and on-line participants. 

> [2021]: 2021-Workshop.html "2021 CF Workshop"

Author: Check also the links at the `index.md` page in the `Meetings` dir.

> [2020]: 2020-Workshop.html "2020 CF Workshop"

Author: Check also the links at the index.md page in the Meetings dir.

## Registration

> There are no registration fees, but registration before 30th of August it's required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no registration fees, but registration before 30th of August is required.
```

You can register using [this form][REGISTRATION].

[REGISTRATION]: (https://forms.gle/RB9BYZuLULcVKBsF6)

## Venue
The workshop takes place at [IFCA] which it's located at [University of Cantabria Campus][IFCA-campus] in the city of Santander (Spain). Take a look at IFCA's ["street view"][IFCA-street-view]!

[IFCA-street-view]: https://goo.gl/maps/NPwzRr8aDyQR99L29
[IFCA-campus]: https://goo.gl/maps/pnHFXz1mrGPVfE137

### Travel information

Please check details on [how to arrive to IFCA](https://ifca.unican.es/en-us/about-ifca/how-to-arrive)

## Agenda

**TO BE COMPLETED**

### Training session
In the week prior to the CF Workshop we plan to run a virtual training event for users new to CF.
This will take place on Thursday 8th September, 1500 - 1800 UTC. 

**The full programme will be published on the CF website prior to the event.** 

> Pre-registration is not essential, but to help us with planning please the corresponding checkbox, in the [registration form][REGISTRATION], if you would be interested in attending. Videos of the training presentations will be made available for later viewing by those unable to attend the event itself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-registration for the on-line training event is not essential, but to help us with planning please the corresponding checkbox, in the [registration form][REGISTRATION], if you would be interested in attending. Videos of the training presentations will be made available for later viewing by those unable to attend the event itself. 
```

More details at: <https://github.com/cf-convention/discuss/issues/158>

### Topics for hackatons sessions

We will devote the afternoon (CEST time) sessions of each day to focused-attention hackathons, during which it is hoped that concrete progress on each topic can be made (such as actual changes suggested to the Conventions text). 

Please express an interest in any number of these sessions, in the [registration form][REGISTRATION], or suggest a new topic that could be included, with a suggestion of who you think could lead the discussion. 

More details at: <https://github.com/cf-convention/discuss/issues/152>

### Poster contributions 

> During the CF Workshop there will be available displays for Poster contributions from participants. There will not formal poster session but it's expected to informal chats over during breaks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the CF Workshop there will be available displays for Poster contributions from participants. There will be no formal poster session, but posters expected to chatted about informally during breaks.
```
